# Content from: https://www.facebook.com/legal/ai-terms

Selector used: div[role="main"]

---

**Our AI Terms are different depending on the region you live in**

**United Kingdom:** The [UK Meta AIs Terms of Service](https://www.facebook.com/legal/uk-ai-terms) govern the use of our Generative AI products and features if you live in the United Kingdom.

**Brazil:** The [Brazil Meta AIs Terms of Service](https://www.facebook.com/legal/br-ai-terms) govern the use of our Generative AI products and features if you live in Brazil.

**European Region:** The [EU Meta AIs Terms of Service](https://www.facebook.com/legal/eu-ai-terms) govern the use of our Generative AI products and features if you live in the European Region.

  

Meta AIs Terms of Service

  

These Terms of Service (“Terms”) apply when you access and use Meta AIs and other software, tools, services, documentation, content, functionalities, and generative AI features that we make available to you through any Meta product (collectively, “AIs”). These terms are a legally binding agreement between you and Meta Platforms, Inc. (“Meta”, “we”, “our”, or “us”). By using AIs, you agree to be bound by these Terms, the [Meta Terms of Service](https://www.facebook.com/terms.php), and any other applicable terms and policies.

  
**1\. Your Commitments**

  

A. Eligibility

Without limiting the [Meta Terms of Service](https://www.facebook.com/terms.php) or any other applicable terms or policies, you cannot access AIs if you are under the age of 13 (or such greater age required in your country or territory) or if you are prohibited from receiving our services or software under applicable laws.

  

B. Acceptable Uses

You may not access, use, or allow others to access or use AIs in any matter that would:

*   Violate any applicable law (including but not limited to any manner that promotes, contributes to, or encourages illegal or unlawful activity), including conduct that describes, encourages, supports, or distributes in any form child sexual abuse materials
*   Generate, promote, disseminate, or otherwise use or facilitate content that may harm other individuals, including to encourage self-harm, discrimination, bullying, humiliation, and/or other emotional harms. This also includes causing harm by using AIs to: (i) deploy subliminal, manipulative, or deceptive techniques to distort behavior by impairing decision making; or (ii) exploit people due to their age, disability, or a specific social or economic situation to distort their behavior
*   Present a risk of death or bodily harm to individuals (including in relation to illegal drugs, weapons, or self-harm)
*   Generate, promote, disseminate, or otherwise use or facilitate adult content, such as erotic chat, pornography, and content meant to arouse sexual excitement
*   Deceive or mislead others, including but not limited to activity related to plagiarism, scams, phishing or malware, and furtherance of misinformation or disinformation
*   Generate, promote, disseminate, or otherwise use or facilitate content that may violate or infringe upon the rights of others (including but not limited to intellectual property rights and privacy rights)
*   Solicit professional advice (including but not limited to medical, psychological, financial, or legal advice) or content to be used for the purpose of engaging in other regulated activities (including but not limited to political campaigning or lobbying). No statements, responses, or content generated by AIs should be interpreted as an offer or provision of professional care or as a substitute for consultation with a qualified provider.
*   Override safety or privacy filters, controls, or mechanisms

  
**2\. Prompts, Results, and Other Content**

  

A. Rights to Content

AIs allows you to provide materials for processing, which could include text, documents, images, or recordings, depending on the integration (together, “Prompts”) and will generate a response (“Outputs”) based on your Prompts, as well as any feedback you provide (“Feedback”) collectively, “Content”. You may not provide prompts or use AIs in any way that infringes or violates someone else’s rights, including intellectual property rights. Except as expressly provided in these Terms, you retain all right, title, and interest – including any intellectual property rights – that you have in and to your Prompts. You agree that your provision of Prompts will not violate these Terms, including the Acceptable Uses, and other policies that apply to your use of AIs, which we may supplement, update, or revise, at any time.

  

B. Personal Information

The [Meta Privacy Policy](https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/) governs our processing of personal information collected through the AIs and explains how we collect, use, and share personal information - including personal information you submit as Prompts, Feedback, or other Content, your activity across our products, and personal information we collect from and about your device. We may process personal information, including any sensitive information, as described in the Privacy Policy, to improve AIs and related technology.

When information is shared with AIs, the AIs may retain and use that information to provide more personalized Outputs. Do not share information that you don’t want the AIs to use and retain such as account identifiers, passwords, financial information, or other sensitive information.

Meta may share certain information about you that is processed when using the AIs with third parties who help us provide you with more relevant or useful responses. For example, we may share questions contained in a Prompt with a third-party search engine, and include the search results in the response to your Prompt. The information we share with third parties may contain personal information if your Prompt contains personal information about any person. By using AIs, you are instructing us to share your information with third parties when it may provide you with more relevant or useful responses. Those third parties will use any information we share – which may include personal information about you or others – in accordance with those third parties’ privacy policies. You can view the list of these third parties, and links to their privacy policies, by visiting our [Privacy Center](https://www.facebook.com/privacy/dialog/ai-partners). We may add or remove third parties from time to time, and notice will be provided solely by adding or removing that party from the list referenced above.

Meta may review your interactions with AIs, including the content of your conversations with or messages to AIs, and this review may be automated or manual (human). When you share your private messages with friends and family for AI features that use Private Processing technology, Meta cannot read or access the messages you have shared. Meta provides Private Processing as a service on your behalf.

Depending on where you reside, you or an authorized agent may request access to your personal information from Meta in a portable format, deletion of your personal information, or correction of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions. To learn more about how you can access and delete your personal information associated with AIs, and exercise any applicable rights, visit our [Privacy Center](https://www.facebook.com/privacy/guide/genai?entry_point=whatsapp_genai). It is important that you review the Privacy Center before you try to delete any personal information or delete or deactivate your account. Depending on how you use AIs, deleting individual messages, entire threads, or even your account may not delete our copy of your personal information, and the Privacy Center describes the correct way to delete your personal information.

  

C. Accuracy

**TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW,** META MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE ACCURACY OF ANY CONTENT, INCLUDING OUTPUTS, OR ANY OUTPUTS THAT ARE DISTURBING OR UPSETTING. YOU SHOULD NOT RELY UPON OUTPUTS FOR ANY PURPOSE OR USE OUTPUTS TO INFORM PROFESSIONAL ADVICE OR DECISIONS RELATED TO MEDICINE, FINANCE, LAW, OR PHARMACEUTICALS. IF YOU PLAN TO USE OUTPUTS FOR ANY REASON, IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO VERIFY OUTPUTS. AIS AND ANY CONTENT MAY NOT REFLECT ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR CURRENT INFORMATION.

  

D. Warning Regarding Content

The AIs will generate Content based on Prompts that you provide. The specific Content that the AIs will return based on your Prompts cannot be predicted in advance. AIs MIGHT GENERATE CONTENT THAT YOU CONSIDER OFFENSIVE OR OBJECTIONABLE AND/OR THAT DOES NOT REPRESENT META’S VIEWS. BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS AND BY USING AIS, YOU RECOGNIZE AND ASSUME THE RISK THAT THE PROMPTS YOU PROVIDE MIGHT RESULT IN GENERATION OF CONTENT THAT YOU CONSIDER OFFENSIVE OR OBJECTIONABLE. YOU ALSO RECOGNIZE AND AGREE THAT YOU – NOT META – ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR USE OF, AND/OR ANY ACTIONS YOU TAKE IN RELATION TO, CONTENT GENERATED BY THE AIS BASED ON YOUR PROMPTS.

  
**3\. Meta's Rights**

  

A. Meta’s Rights Regarding Content

Meta may use Content and related information as described in the Meta Terms of Service and Meta Privacy Policy, and may do so through automated or manual (i.e. human) review and through third-party vendors in some instances, including:

*   To provide, maintain, and improve Meta services and features.
*   To conduct and support research
*   To monitor your use of AIs for compliance with these Terms and applicable laws and to report violations of applicable laws or regulations as required by law
*   To remove unsafe, discriminatory, or other Content that violates these Terms, Meta’s Community Standards, or any other applicable policies and terms
*   To suspend or remove accounts that violate these Terms with respect to your use of AIs

  

B. Suspension and Termination

If we determine that you have breached these Terms or other applicable terms and policies, we may suspend or permanently disable your access to AIs or other Meta services or features, and we may permanently disable or delete your account including where we are required to do so for legal reasons.

  
**4\. Image Processing**

Depending on where you are located, you may have the option to share images with AIs. Once shared, you agree that Meta will analyze those images, including facial features, using AI. This processing allows us to offer innovative new features, including the ability to summarize image contents, modify images, and generate new content based on the image. You further agree that you will not upload images to Meta AI that you know to contain individuals that reside in Illinois or Texas, unless you are their legally authorized representative and consent on their behalf.

  
**5\. Ownership of AIs**

We retain all our respective rights, title, and interest, including intellectual property rights, in and to AIs. Other than the rights of access and use expressly granted in these Terms, these Terms do not grant you any right, title, or interest in or to the AIs.

  

**6\. Third Party Materials**

AIs may use or be used in connection with content, services, features, and integrations provided by third parties. Meta is not responsible for your use of third party content, services, features, and integrations, and you use these at your own risk.

  
**7\. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitations on Liability**

  

A. Disclaimer of Warranties

AIs and Outputs are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, and**,** to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we make no guarantees that they will be safe, secure, or error-free, or will function without disruptions, delays, or imperfections. To the maximum extent permitted by law, we are not responsible for Outputs, and you are responsible for checking Outputs for accuracy and suitability. The Outputs provided by AIs do not reflect the views of Meta, our affiliates, or our personnel.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, ACCURACY, AVAILABILITY, SECURITY, PRIVACY, COMPATIBILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTY IMPLIED BY COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR TRADE USAGE.

  

B. Limitations on Liability

Our liability shall be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and under no circumstance will we be liable to you for any lost profits, revenues, information, or data, or consequential, special, indirect, exemplary, punitive, or incidental damages arising out of or related to these Terms or AIs (however caused and on any theory of liability, including negligence), even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.

The laws of some states or jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain damages, so some or all of the exclusions and limitations set out above may not apply to you. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, in such cases, Meta’s liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

  
**8\. Disputes**

Any claim, cause of action, or dispute that arises out of or relates to these Meta AIs Terms is subject to the disputes resolution clause in the Meta Terms of Service.

  
**9\. Severability**

If any portion of these Terms is found to be unenforceable, the unenforceable portion will be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable, and if it can’t be made enforceable, then it will be severed and the remaining portion will remain in full force and effect. If we fail to enforce any of these Terms, it will not be considered a waiver. Any amendment to or waiver of these Terms must be made in writing and signed by us.

  
**10\. Changes to These Terms**

We work constantly to improve our services and develop new features to make our products better for you and our community. As a result, we may need to update these Terms from time to time to accurately reflect our services and practices, to promote a safe and secure experience, and/or to comply with applicable law. Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you (for example through email or in-app notification) of any material changes to these Terms and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect. Once any updated Terms are in effect you will be bound by them if you continue to use our **AIs**. If you do not agree to the updated Terms, you should stop using AIs before they go into effect.

  
**11\. Effective Date**

**July 1, 2025**

Last Updated: July 1, 2025

English (US)

Español

Français (France)

中文(简体)

العربية

Português (Brasil)

Italiano

한국어

Deutsch

हिन्दी

日本語

[Sign Up](https://www.facebook.com/reg/)[Log In](https://www.facebook.com/login/)[Facebook Lite](https://www.facebook.com/lite/)[Video](https://www.facebook.com/watch/)[Voting Information Center](https://www.facebook.com/votinginformationcenter/?entry_point=c2l0ZQ%3D%3D)[Privacy Policy](https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=facebook_page_footer)[Privacy Center](https://www.facebook.com/privacy/center/?entry_point=facebook_page_footer)

*   [Privacy](/privacy/policy/?entry_point=comet_dropdown)  ·
*   [Terms](/policies?ref=pf)  ·
*   [Advertising](/business/)  ·
*   [Ad Choices](/help/568137493302217)   ·
*   [Cookies](/policies/cookies/)  ·
*   More